Cloud smoke
With such a big belly, I really dare to let my sister-in-law off the road
Isn't that why my sister-in-law is in a hurry to miss you?
You say, it's been so many days since the pregnancy and birth
Why haven't you come out yet?
Be careful I listen
This kid misses his mom and doesn't miss his dad
If you don't come out, I'll spank you
Don't fight and kill
He has a temper
I look just like you
The son of the owner of the Dizun store
Can it be an ordinary person?
That's right.
You told me before that you want to grow up with him
The Emperor's Hall is so big
You can let it go
I don't want to have any more regrets
I have handed over the Emperor's Palace to my brothers to deal with.
I will watch him grow up with peace of mind
Besides, we have more important things to attend to
Especially you.
What do you mean?
You don't think we only have one son, do you?
I am the president of the South City Development Association
We need to respond to policy
multiple fertility
Be sure to give birth to yourself
It's okay, sister-in-law, you have more children, and I'll take care of them for you.
So be it.
Let your brother find his Qizhi and Hongyan
How about nonsense
OK
What's wrong with you, wife?
I'm giving birth!
Hurry up and take my sister-in-law to the hospital